Updated external opensearch docs (#3249)
chef/chef-server: docs-chef-io/content/server/upgrades.md

#### Upgrading to 14.13

> Chef Infra Server 14.13 supports external OpenSearch for indexing. Please follow the migration section below to migrate from Elasticsearch to external OpenSearch.

Reviewer: This should be 14.14?

#### Upgrading to 14.13

> Chef Infra Server 14.13 supports external OpenSearch for indexing. To migrate from Elasticsearch to external OpenSearch, Please follow the migration section below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Chef Infra Server 14.13 supports external OpenSearch for indexing. Please follow the migration section below to migrate from Elasticsearch to external OpenSearch.
```

#### Steps To Enable External OpenSearch

1. Set the `opensearch['external']` attribute to `true`.
1. Set the `opensearch['external_url']` attribute to the external OpenSearch URL.
1. Set the `opscode_erchef['search_queue_mode']` attribute to `batch`.
1. Set the `opscode_erchef['search_provider']` attribute to `opensearch`.
1. Set the `opscode_erchef['search_auth_username']` attribute to OpenSearch username.
1. Set the `opscode_erchef['search_auth_password']` attribute to OpenSearch password.

For example:

```bash
opscode_erchef['search_queue_mode'] = 'batch'
opscode_erchef['search_provider'] = 'opensearch'
opensearch['external'] = true
opensearch['external_url'] = "http://127.0.0.1:9200"
opscode_erchef['search_auth_username'] = 'OPEN_SEARCH_USER'
opscode_erchef['search_auth_password'] = 'OPEN_SEARCH_PWD'
```
#### Steps To Migrate from Elasticsearch to External OpenSearch

> 1. Option 1: Copy or move your Elasticsearch OSS data and logs directories to newly installed OpenSearch paths. Follow the steps mentioned at `https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/upgrade-to/upgrade-to/#upgrade-to-opensearch` for all the steps.

Reviewer: We should be explicit about this being the recommended option.

1. Option 2: Reindex and reconfigure your database after upgrading to Chef Infra Server 14.13. The duration of this operation will vary depending on your server hardware and the number of node objects on your Chef Infra Server.

> For example:

Reviewer: Steps to follow:

```bash
chef-server-ctl reindex
chef-server-ctl reconfigure
```

{{< note >}}

> we support you BYOD, but the upgrades and maintaining of those databases is on the customer.

Reviewer: context: BYOD is supported from a software perspective. Progress/Chef is not responsible for upgrading and maintaining the external database.

> #### Steps To Migrate from Elasticsearch to External OpenSearch
> 
> 1. Recommended Option: Copy or move your Elasticsearch OSS data and logs directories to newly installed OpenSearch paths. Steps to follow: `https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/upgrade-to/upgrade-to/#upgrade-to-opensearch`.
> 1. Other Option: Reindex and reconfigure your database after upgrading to Chef Infra Server 14.13. The duration of this operation will vary depending on your server hardware and the number of node objects on your Chef Infra Server.
> 
> For example:
> 
> ```bash
> chef-server-ctl reindex
> chef-server-ctl reconfigure
> ```
> 
> {{< note >}}
> BYOD is supported from a software perspective. Progress/Chef is not responsible for upgrading and maintaining the external database.
> {{</note >}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

#### Steps To Migrate from Elasticsearch to External OpenSearch

There are two ways to migrate from Elasticsearch to external OpenSearch: migrating your data, or reindexing and reconfiguring your database.

We recommend migrating your data over reindexing and reconfiguring.

**Migrate Data**

Copy or move your Elasticsearch OSS data and logs directories to the newly installed OpenSearch paths. See OpenSearch's [documentation on upgrading to OpenSearch](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/upgrade-to/upgrade-to/#upgrade-to-opensearch). 

**Reindex and Reconfigure**

Reindex and reconfigure your database after upgrading to Chef Infra Server 14.13. The duration of this operation will vary depending on your server hardware and the number of node objects on your Chef Infra Server. 

Use the Chef Infra Server command-line tool to reindex and reconfigure your database:

```bash
chef-server-ctl reindex
chef-server-ctl reconfigure
```

1. Set the `opensearch['external']` attribute to `true`.
1. Set the `opensearch['external_url']` attribute to the external OpenSearch URL.
1. Set the `opscode_erchef['search_queue_mode']` attribute to `batch`.
1. Set the `opscode_erchef['search_provider']` attribute to `opensearch`.
1. Set the `opscode_erchef['search_auth_username']` attribute to OpenSearch username.
1. Set the `opscode_erchef['search_auth_password']` attribute to OpenSearch password.

For example:

```bash
opscode_erchef['search_queue_mode'] = 'batch'
opscode_erchef['search_provider'] = 'opensearch'
opensearch['external'] = true
opensearch['external_url'] = "http://127.0.0.1:9200"

> opscode_erchef['search_auth_username'] = 'OPEN_SEARCH_USER'

Reviewer: Des this need to be the admin user o in Opensearch?

Author: The user should be able to create index(chef) but not admin.

Reviewer: It would be helpful to clarify that in the docs.
